1. Common symptoms of phytoplasma infection observed in periwinkle (Catharanthus roseus) samples collected in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. A. Infected (left) vs healthy (right) plant; B. Flower virescence; C. Phyllody; and D. Leaf mottling
Chávez, J. D. C. (2014). Identification and molecular characterization of pigeon pea witches’-broom phytoplasma in plants and its potential vectors in Puerto Rico (Doctoral dissertation, UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO MAYAGÜEZ CAMPUS).

2. Electron microphotograph of Candidatus Phytoplasma asteris infecting the plant phloem. A section of phloem tissue from an infected plant vascular bundle is shown. Several of the plant cells contain phytoplasma cells
Oshima, K., Maejima, K., & Namba, S. (2013). Genomic and evolutionary aspects of phytoplasmas. Frontiers in microbiology, 4, 230.

3. Unique symptoms caused by phytoplasma infection. a Phyllody symptoms on hydrangea induced by infection with 'Candidatus Phytoplasma japonicum' JHP phytoplasma (right). b Witches' broom symptoms on Ziziphus jujuba induced by infection with 'Ca. P.
Maejima, K., Oshima, K., & Namba, S. (2014). Exploring the phytoplasmas, plant pathogenic bacteria. Journal of General Plant Pathology, 80(3), 210-221.

4. Oncopsis alni (Schrank)- nymph (left) and adult (right) (Courtesy of G. Kunz)
O. alni (Fig. 1.3) lives on alder maintaining alder yellows phytoplasma (AldY) in a
closed cycle, but is able to move and feed on grapevines where in Germany the
phytoplasma is associated with Palatinate grapevine yellows disease (PGY)
Alma, A., Lessio, F., & Nickel, H. (2019). Insects as phytoplasma vectors: ecological and epidemiological aspects. In Phytoplasmas: Plant pathogenic bacteria-II: Transmission and management of Phytoplasma-associated diseases (pp. 1-25). Singapore: Springer Singapore.

5. Symptoms of Pierce's disease in grapevines caused by Xylella fastidiosa (courtesy A.C. Goheen; reproduced from Compendium of Grape Diseases, 1988, American Phytopathological Society, St. Paul, MN)

6. The glassy-winged sharpshooter leafhopper vector of Xylella fasidiosa (courtesy B. Bextine, Fletcher and Wayadande, 2002, The Plant Health Instructor)

7. Adult Asian citrus psyllid, Diaphorina citri, (2-3 millimeters long) on a young citrus leaf
David Hall - This image was released by the Agricultural Research Service, the research agency of the United States Department of Agriculture

8. Healthy (left) and HLB affected(right) Grapefruit

9. Potato zebrachip affected tuber

10 AB. Symptoms of potato brown rot (A) and tomato bacterial wilt (B) caused by R. solanacearum showing wilt of youngest leaves
(photo A courtesy of D. P. Weingartner, IFAS, University of Florida, Hastings; photo B courtesy of Clemson University, USDA Cooperative Extension Slide Series, Bugwood.org).

11. Brown discoloration of stem tissues caused by R. solanacearum (photo courtesy of Clemson University, USDA Cooperative Extension Slide Series, Bugwood.org).

12. Root-knot nematode (M. enterolobii) symptoms on ‘Rutgers’ tomato roots. Other species of root-knot nematode produce similar galling symptoms
T. Schwarz, NC State University

13. Field symptoms of Fusarium wilt expressed in cotton seedlings and mature cotton. (A) stunted seedling with cotyledon yellowing and necrosis; (B) profound vascular discolouration was observed upon splitting of the stem; (C) wilted cotton occurred in single or group; (D) circular vascular discolouration was characteristic of Fusarium wilt.
Le, D. P., Nguyen, C. P., Kafle, D., Scheikowski, L., Montgomery, J., Lambeth, E., ... & Smith, L. J. (2022). Surveillance, diversity and vegetative compatibility groups of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. vasinfectum collected in cotton fields in Australia (2017 to 2022). Pathogens, 11(12), 1537.